---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "iosxe_license Data Source - terraform-provider-iosxe"
subcategory: "System"
description: |-
  This data source can read the License configuration.
---

# iosxe_license (Data Source)

This data source can read the License configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "iosxe_license" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `accept_agreement` (Boolean)
- `accept_end` (Boolean)
- `accept_user` (Boolean)
- `boot_level_network_advantage` (Boolean) License Level Network-Advantage
- `boot_level_network_advantage_addon` (String) select add-on to include
- `boot_level_network_essentials` (Boolean) License Level Network-Essentials
- `boot_level_network_essentials_addon` (String) select add-on to include
- `feature_name` (String)
- `feature_port_b_6xonegig` (Number) Enable 6x1G port bundles
- `feature_port_bulk` (Boolean) Enable Bulk port licenses
- `feature_port_onegig` (Number) Enable 1G port bundles
- `feature_port_tengig` (Number) Enable 10G port bundles
- `id` (String) The path of the retrieved object.
- `smart_transport_type` (String) The transport type. If transport-type is set to        callhome then any additional transport settings must        be done from the callhome CLI.        If the transport-type is set to smart, additional        settings are available below.        If the transport-type is set to cslu,        url needs to be set for cisco smart license utility.        If the transport-type is set to off, user has to manually        upload the usage reports.
- `smart_url_cslu` (String) Specify the URL to be used for sending utility usage reports.
- `udi_pid` (String)
- `udi_sn` (String)
