---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Cisco IOS XE Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: "The Cisco IOS XE provider is used to interact with the features provided by Cisco IOS XE RESTCONF."
---

Overview
--------------------------------------------------
Terraform provider IOS XE is a Terraform plugin that will be used to manage the IOS XE constructs on the Cisco IOS XE platform while leveraging the advantages of Terraform. The IOS XE Terraform provider lets users represent the infrastructure as a code and provides a way to enforce the state on the infrastructure managed by the Terraform provider. Customers can use this provider to integrate the Terraform configuration with the DevOps pipeline to manage the IOS XE features in a more flexible, consistent, and reliable way.

# Cisco IOS XE Provider
------------
The Cisco IOS XE provider is used to interact with the features provided by Cisco IOS XE RESTCONF.
The provider needs to be configured with the host and credentials before it can be used.


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    iosxe = {
      source = "CiscoDevNet/iosxe"
      version = "0.1.1"
    }
  }
}

provider "iosxe" {
  // Required but Optional if env variable are set
  host = "https://10.1.1.5"
  device_username = "Cisco123"
  device_password = "somePassword"

  // Optional Parameters
  insecure = true
  request_timeout = 30
  ca_file = ""
  proxy_url = ""
  proxy_creds = ""
}

# GET against Cisco-IOS-XE-native "show running-config" example
resource "iosxe_rest" "rest1" {
  method = "GET"
  path = "/data/Cisco-IOS-XE-native:native"
  payload = ""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **device_password** (String, Sensitive) The Password of the IOSXE switch. E.g.: "somePassword". This can also be set by environment variable "DEVICE_PASSWORD_IOSXE".
- **device_username** (String, Sensitive) The Username of the IOSXE switch. E.g.: "admin". This can also be set by environment variable "DEVICE_USERNAME_IOSXE".
- **host** (String) The host of the IOSXE switch with its port. E.g.: "https://10.1.1.5:443". This can also be set by environment variable "HOST_IOSXE".

### Optional

- **ca_file** (String) The path to CA certificate file (PEM). In case, certificate is based on legacy CN instead of ASN, set env. variable `GODEBUG=x509ignoreCN=0`. This can also be set by environment variable `CA_FILE_IOSXE`.
- **insecure** (Boolean) Allow insecure TLS. Default: true, means the API call is insecure.
- **proxy_creds** (String) Proxy credential in format `username:password`. This can also be set by environment variable `PROXY_CREDENTIALS_IOSXE`.
- **proxy_url** (String) Proxy Server URL with port number. This can also be set by environment variable `PROXY_URL_IOSXE`.
- **request_timeout** (Number) Timeout for HTTP requests. Default value: 30.
