---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "iosxe_license Resource - terraform-provider-iosxe"
subcategory: "System"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the License configuration.
---

# iosxe_license (Resource)

This resource can manage the License configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "iosxe_license" "example" {
  boot_level_network_advantage       = true
  boot_level_network_advantage_addon = "dna-advantage"
  smart_transport_type               = "Off"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `boot_level_network_advantage` (Boolean) License Level Network-Advantage
- `boot_level_network_advantage_addon` (String) select add-on to include
  - Choices: `dna-advantage`, `dna-essentials`
- `boot_level_network_essentials` (Boolean) License Level Network-Essentials
- `boot_level_network_essentials_addon` (String) select add-on to include
  - Choices: `dna-essentials`
- `delete_mode` (String) Configure behavior when deleting/destroying the resource. Either delete the entire object (YANG container) being managed, or only delete the individual resource attributes configured explicitly and leave everything else as-is. Default value is `all`.
  - Choices: `all`, `attributes`
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `smart_transport_type` (String) The transport type. If transport-type is set to        callhome then any additional transport settings must        be done from the callhome CLI.        If the transport-type is set to smart, additional        settings are available below.        If the transport-type is set to cslu,        url needs to be set for cisco smart license utility.        If the transport-type is set to off, user has to manually        upload the usage reports.
  - Choices: `Off`, `automatic`, `callhome`, `cslu`, `smart`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The path of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import iosxe_license.example "Cisco-IOS-XE-native:native/license"
```
