---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "iosxe_tacacs_server Resource - terraform-provider-iosxe"
subcategory: "AAA"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the TACACS Server configuration.
---

# iosxe_tacacs_server (Resource)

This resource can manage the TACACS Server configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "iosxe_tacacs_server" "example" {
  timeout                      = 5
  directed_request             = true
  directed_request_restricted  = true
  directed_request_no_truncate = true
  encryption                   = "0"
  key                          = "123"
  attribute_allow_unknown      = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `attribute_allow_unknown` (Boolean) Unknown Tacacs+ attributes
- `delete_mode` (String) Configure behavior when deleting/destroying the resource. Either delete the entire object (YANG container) being managed, or only delete the individual resource attributes configured explicitly and leave everything else as-is. Default value is `all`.
  - Choices: `all`, `attributes`
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `directed_request` (Boolean) Allow user to specify tacacs server to use with `@server'
- `directed_request_no_truncate` (Boolean) Do not truncate the @hostname from username.
- `directed_request_restricted` (Boolean) restrict queries to directed request servers only
- `encryption` (String) 0 - Specifies an UNENCRYPTED key will follow 6 - Specifies an ENCRYPTED key will follow 7 - Specifies HIDDEN key will follow
  - Choices: `0`, `6`, `7`
- `key` (String, Sensitive)
- `key_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The write-only value of the attribute.
- `key_wo_version` (Number) The write-only version of the attribute.
- `timeout` (Number) Time to wait for a TACACS server to reply
  - Range: `1`-`1000`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The path of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import iosxe_tacacs_server.example ""
```
